## About Lara-calc

Lara-calc  is a  simple demonstration project of a front-end calculator talking to a basic REST API written in Laravel 7 with three endpoints - /login, /logout and /operation which evaluates mathmatical expressions using a third-party library.

Concepts used:

- DB migrations.
- DB seeding.
- Testing - unit and feature.
- Laravel config - .env and using custom config within app.
- API authentication - tokens and guarded routes.
- Usage of Blade on the front-end.
- Usage of Vue on the front-end.

### Dependencies
- [mossadal/math-parser](https://packagist.org/packages/mossadal/math-parser)  Composer  package.
- SASS used for CSS.
- Standard  Laravel dependencies for Vue.

### Installation
- cd to /calculator.
- Edit  .env and  optionally .env-testing and edit USER_ keys  and DB_ keys.
- Create a database called  laracalc.
- Setup DB via  migrations  with 'php artisan migrate'.
- Seed DB with  'php artisan db:seed'.

### Notes
- An account called Front is generated by the migration using credentials in the .env config file.
- The Admin account is unused presently, as are some of the tables brought in by the Laravel scaffold. They're left as a convenience.
- To  run the tests, first switch to the .env-testing config with 'php artisan config:cache --env=testing', and then run the tests with 'php artisan test --env=testing'.

### .env Example
APP_NAME=Laravel
APP_ENV=local
APP_KEY=base64:<snip>
APP_DEBUG=true
APP_URL=http://localhost/lara-calc/calculator/public

USER_ADMIN_EMAIL=admin@test.com
USER_ADMIN_PASSWORD=ChangeMe
USER_FRONT_EMAIL=front@test.com
USER_FRONT_PASSWORD=ChangeMe2

LOG_CHANNEL=stack

DB_CONNECTION=mysql
DB_HOST=
DB_PORT=
DB_DATABASE=laracalc
DB_USERNAME=
DB_PASSWORD=

BROADCAST_DRIVER=log
CACHE_DRIVER=file
QUEUE_CONNECTION=sync
SESSION_DRIVER=file
SESSION_LIFETIME=120

REDIS_HOST=127.0.0.1
REDIS_PASSWORD=null
REDIS_PORT=6379

MAIL_MAILER=smtp
MAIL_HOST=smtp.mailtrap.io
MAIL_PORT=2525
MAIL_USERNAME=null
MAIL_PASSWORD=null
MAIL_ENCRYPTION=null
MAIL_FROM_ADDRESS=null
MAIL_FROM_NAME="${APP_NAME}"

AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=
AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-east-1
AWS_BUCKET=

PUSHER_APP_ID=
PUSHER_APP_KEY=
PUSHER_APP_SECRET=
PUSHER_APP_CLUSTER=mt1

MIX_PUSHER_APP_KEY="${PUSHER_APP_KEY}"
MIX_PUSHER_APP_CLUSTER="${PUSHER_APP_CLUSTER}"



### For. .env.testing
Same as above, with

APP_ENV=testing
CACHE_DRIVER=none